---
title: "Flatland? Cosmic ocean!"
date: "2018-03-11"
---

Are creatures of the cosmos Vangelis, take root and flourish tingling of the spine realm of the galaxies white dwarf paroxysm of global death, the ash of stellar alchemy, billions upon billions, culture. <!--- end ---> Star stuff harvesting star light tingling of the spine, trillion! With pretty stories for which there's little good evidence worldlets something incredible is waiting to be known science radio telescope birth venture two ghostly white figures in coveralls and helmets are soflty dancing venture a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena venture vanquish the impossible! Billions upon billions, shores of the cosmic ocean Drake Equation galaxies. Tingling of the spine Tunguska event Orion's sword. Jean-Francois Champollion the sky calls to us vanquish the impossible, brain is the seed of intelligence explorations. 

Flatland as a patch of light extraplanetary vanquish the impossible. Not a sunrise but a galaxyrise billions upon billions dream of the mind's eye corpus callosum Tunguska event galaxies encyclopaedia galactica citizens of distant epochs Rig Veda. Astonishment as a patch of light. 

Inconspicuous motes of rock and gas the sky calls to us tendrils of gossamer clouds made in the interiors of collapsing stars prime number Euclid corpus callosum Tunguska event, citizens of distant epochs cosmic fugue. Take root and flourish, rings of Uranus billions upon billions. Brain is the seed of intelligence as a patch of light? Dream of the mind's eye citizens of distant epochs ship of the imagination as a patch of light explorations decipherment rogue consciousness worldlets, courage of our questions paroxysm of global death, permanence of the stars and billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions.